---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Here is a pool filled with all of my journals and ideas. Reading every single day. Drifting off casually, swimming slowly, flow rising and falling, and diving steadily in the stream of consciousness.

I was fond of ice skating leading me getting close to the core of my body, and of reading books guiding me healing the soul.

#### Ice breaker, March-24, 2023
I’m the person who’s easy to be nervous. During the presentation from last speaker, I sat there as an audience, beginning with something nervous. My heart racing. My heart rate rising was caused by something like anxious, upset, discomforatable, afraid of a bad presenting to come by me, and even fear. My heart racing was caused by that, not caused by falling in love with the last speaker.
Last time I fell in love with someone was back to 12 years ago. I met her and went to marriage. She is my wife now. After 12 years, we talk less, keep in silence more. Fortunately, the silence, not for a long while, usually was broken by our child, a 6-year-old boy. He grows up as fast as his running speed. I see the energy in his body and happiness on his face, in his eyes. He, at home, love running and hiding. He was running from room to room, here and there, from one corner to another. Sometimes I saw him in every room, sometimes in no room. Hiding. Still. Silence. All of a sudden, a laughing was bursted out by him. The laughing and screaming spreaded all over the rooms to everyone. I see him on his stage at his age.
Until his bedtime when he has to go to sleep. He lay on his bed, I sat, beside him, on side of the bed telling stories. My voice drifted off to his ear and head that made him eyes get narrower and narrower till close. That is the moment, to me, a kind of relief. I could get back to be myself. Relax in mind, and in physical. I lay on the coach, held a beer to drink, grab potato chips into my mouth in front of television, seeing TV drama or film. After hours, sometimes minutes, it was my bedtime. I have to go to bed, lying on it and opening a book. I found out reading before sleeping was good because: If I read for hours, then I’ll get the knowledge. If I read for only minutes, then I’ll get the health. A quick falling asleep. Fall asleep. Fall into a darkness, knowing nowhere, feeling empty and blank. Over the night until the clock alarm rang. I wake up and get up, getting everything done in the morning before launching, like a rocket, to the office. The moment I step into the office was the time I have to play my role as kind, nice and decent to anyone as possible. I have to be working hard and meeting focused. If tired and sleepy, I’ll take my coffee mug to fill the black coffee with no milk and drink it. Then I gain something to support me go on working hard and meeting focused throughout the day.
In the office or the lab, I have small talk with colleagues sometimes. If the topic goes somewhere wider out of the working things, I lost in the conversation often. And I felt like there is a gap between what I talked about and what I thought about. Then the listener sometimes did not get the information and what I mean by my expression which was not clear and structured. If no feedback, then I hard to improve my expression. This is part of the reason why I join Toastmaster lately. I would like to have more feedbacks from members and more practices in the club.


